update release notes for release 2022-08-31 (#137)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/release-notes.md

title: Release Notes
---

## 2022-08-31 Console release

### What's new

> - Control plane: first version of OAuth support. Currently we only allow a project creation. If you want to integrate your product with Neon, please contact us!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Control plane: implement OAuth backend and the OAuth concent screens. OAuth applications are granted permissions to create projects on behalf of the user. If you want to integrate your product with Neon, please contact us!
```

### Bug fixes

> - UI: fix syntax highlight for Goland snippet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- UI: fix syntax highlight for Golang snippet.
```
